# Notepad++ plugins
NotePad++ is a very nice and fast text editor for programming that I like to use for many tasks.
I decided to write some plugins to implement functionality that I desired to have and could not find otherwise.
For this reason most of the functions are targeted to my type of use and only few reasonable requests from users have been included because I found them useful to have, they were reasonably easy to implement, and the intrigued me.
## Disclaimer:
If you decide to try or use any of the software provided below please be advise that there is no warranty and no liability provided and therefore you are doing at your own risk.The author of this software expressly disclaims any warranty for the software product which is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, without limitation, the implied warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the software remains with you. In no event shall the author of this Software be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss) arising out of the use of or inability to use this product, even if the author of this software has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
## Source code:
Although the plugins below are free to distribute, install, and use, the source code is not available at the moment.
It may become in the future when the plugins become obsolete or abandoned.
If you are looking for examples, please check the Sourceforge web site.
## List of available plugins:
* **Autosave** allows to automatically save the currently open files based on a timer schedule (default is 1 min) and/or upon the application losing focus. The plugin offers several options to save the current (or all the files), selecting only the named ones, accessible through an options dialog box
* **LanguageHelp** allows to load a language specific help file (CHM, HLP, PDF) and search for the keyword under the cursor. The latest version allows also to show the help files as menu entries or in the context menu.
* **MenuIcons** allows to add icons to both main and context menu. Several options are available to load the icons from a folder. More than provide a full set of icons, it's design to enable people to create their own set of icon themes. Note: the plugin does not work correctly on WinXP. Alternative icon sets: English by Yaron, Hebrew by Yaron. Just download them and replace the MenuIcon folder or save them somewhere else and set the new folder in the Menu Icons plugin options.
* **OpenSelection** is designed to help people to open files based on the selected text. A typical applications is "include" files of may types of programs. Another applications is to open Matlab functions. The plugin is can be customized for different languages based on the open file extension. Multiple search folders may be specified along with multiple extensions.
* **RunMe** allows to execute the currently open file, based on its shell association. The plugin allows also to open an explorer or command shell at the file location. Options are available to same the current file (or all the files) before execution. The executed file can be run in foreground,background, or hidden mode. Context menu entries and tool bar icons are available.
* **TakeNotes** is designed to help people who like to use Notepad++ for jotting quick notes. Instead of using unnamed "new ?" files, this plugins allows to quickly create new empty files in a folder of choice. The file names may be custom generated using a mask and may contain details such as the user name, date, and time of creation so that unique files may be generated. Additionally, the plugin allows to load exiting notes in the folder of choice, save existing files as a note, and open the last saved note quickly. Please refer to the Options dialog box for more details. It is strongly recommended to use this plugin in combination with AutoSave to make sure that you never loose a note.
* **TopMost** allows to set the main Notepad++ window as a topmost window so it can stay on top of other windows even when it is not active. This plugin sync with Notepad++ own stay on top functionality and allows to remember the setting between restarts as well as to show a toolbar button.
